I'm proud of being able to say I'm a
Marine that I made this but I'm even
more so proud to be able to say that
I've did this for my mom hadn't been for
the Marine Corps I think I probably
wouldn't have had it in me truthfully to
really push forward I was a small arms
repair technician so I was the guy that
fixed up the all the marine guns that
instilled a lot of values and a lot of
trade in me to learn how to work and do
things with my hands you know I had no
tools and I understand having the right
tool for the job is paramount
I was had no need to go to work when
they and I had to stop by the house and
I got to the studio and my mom
I heard her like she was she was really
and she's fussing that her
machine she said I can't believe how
much money I spend on his routines and
this is the kind of crap they give you
to work on and what she was referring to
was the screwdrivers or the equipment
that comes with the sewing machine and
she said that if I had this problem I
promise you every quilter has this
problem it wasn't something that I was
doing for myself this was something that
I started for my mother doing something
to make her proud her resume is so deep
totally 30 years of you know working
with fabric and being the fiber artist
she's been in the Smithsonian she is
received awards on all over the globe
when I'm at some of the culture after
the traffic that comes to my booth is
they stopped because they want to look
at mom's quilts the attention to detail
the time in the the passion that I know
that I've seen firsthand then my mom
puts into these quotes that's that's
just a work ethic that I believe honest
to my heart that was instilled to me by
my mother and this has been an amazing
opportunity thanks mom you know my name
is just McCraw and I am the creator of
Scooby Doo